= tweet_checker

* http://github.com/mikeadmire/tweet_checker

== DESCRIPTION:

THIS IS NOT A SUPPORTED LIBRARY. I MAY DECIDE TO CHANGE THE API
AND NOT SUPPORT THE EXISTING ONE. IT IS PRIMARILY AN EXAMPLE PIECE
OF CODE FOR ME TO WORK WITH.  USE AT YOUR OWN RISK.

A simple twitter gem that provides an easy interface to the
Twitter public_timline and friends_timeline public APIs.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

2 primary methods are available. One is to retrieve the last X number of
tweets from your friends timeline called 'friends_timeline', and the other
is to retrieve the last X number of tweets from the public timeline called
'public_timeline'. Each takes a single argument of the number of tweets to
return (the default is 5) and returns an array of Tweet objects. The
friends_timeline method requires a valid Twitter username and password.

== SYNOPSIS:

    require 'rubygems'
    require 'tweet_checker'

* Public Timeline
    tweets = TweetChecker.public_timeline
    tweets.each do |tweet|
      puts tweet.date
      puts tweet.screen_name
      puts tweet.text
    end

* Public Timeline with specified number of tweets to return
    tweets = TweetChecker.public_timeline(10)
    tweets.each do |tweet|
      puts tweet.date
      puts tweet.screen_name
      puts tweet.text
    end

* Friends Timeline
    tl = TweetChecker.new('your_username','your_password')
    tweets = tl.friends_timeline(10) # also default to 5 if no value is passed
    tweets.each do |tweet|
      puts tweet.date
      puts tweet.screen_name
      puts tweet.text
    end

* Attributes available in the returned tweet object
    :date, :id, :text, :source, :in_reply_to_screen_name
    :user_name, :screen_name, :profile_image_url

== REQUIREMENTS:

Requires the json gem

== INSTALL:

cd in to project and type 'rake install'

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2010 Mike Admire mike@mikeadmire.com

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
